PEP 621: Clearly specify that PEP 621 is not meant  to be read from an sdist (#1474)
python/peps: pep-0621.rst

The key motivators of this PEP are:

- Encourage users to specify core metadata statically for speed,

>   ease of specifying, deterministic consuming by build back-ends,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ease of specifying, deterministic consumption by build back-ends,
```

Might just be my regional dialect, but "consuming" as a noun like this doesn't sound right to me, I would use "consumption".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ease of specification, deterministic consumption by build back-ends,
```

Agreed. I'd also use "specification" - for the same reason.

>   ease of specifying, deterministic consumption by build back-ends,

Author: ```suggestion
  ease of specification, deterministic consumption by build back-ends,
```

in any way. Such considerations should be done in a separate PEP which
may lead to changes or additions to what this PEP specifies.

Finally, this PEP is meant for users to specify metadata for build
back-ends or those doing analysis on a source checkout. Once a build

> back-end has been used to produce an artifact then the metadata

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
back-end has produced an artifact, then the metadata
```

contained in the artifact that the build back-end produced should be
considered canonical and overriding what this PEP specifies. In the

> eyes of this PEP, an sdist is considered a build artifact, thus people
> should not read the metadata specified in this PEP as the canonical
> metadata in an sdist.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
eyes of this PEP, a source distribution is considered a build
artifact, thus people should not read the metadata specified in this
PEP as the canonical metadata in a source distribution.
```
